let's talk about what we're going to
cook with in order to make pork fried
rice the first and most important thing
you're going to need is pork equally
important to the pork fried rice process
is rice now we need something to fry it
I'm going to be using soybean oil
because that's what I have access to and
it's actually pretty good from here on
out everything is strictly optional you
can pick your own veggies you can pick
fruit if you want you can mix and match
all kinds of things and make it taste
however you like stir fry and fried rice
is very much your own choices whatever
you want I chose ginger-garlic a red
pepper a carrot and finally pickled
yellow radish it's actually really good
sort of sour sort of sweet sort of
bitter alright guys that's all the stuff
you need to make pork fried rice let's
go ahead and get started this job is
best suited for the GoPro so I'm
actually going to stick with GoPro for
the rest of the shots this is where all
the action happens and this is where
things are going to get really good
first thing you want to do is take a
little bit of oil just a splash you
don't want very much all this goes for
all food but stir-fry definitely the
sooner you add something to the pot the
less flavor it's going to have the less
impact is going to have on the overall
flavor you're still gonna be able to
taste things it's just not going to be a
strong so if you don't like garlic very
much add the garlic first I have pre cut
all of my vegetables and I'm going to go
ahead and toss them here into the pan
that was really fun actually I enjoyed
that a lot guys when I said this is
going to be easy I met in a very real
way this is going to be very easy you
want to be careful not to stop stirring
because you should be running this at a
very high heat and if you stop stirring
you could end up with burns on the
bottom of your food and you just don't
want that also this helps to cook it
evenly now if you're feeling really
crazy and you want to get you know sort
of awesome can do this thing and then
spill it all over that was going really
well until i looked at the camera
alright so those are nice and warm so
i'm going to go ahead and add the garlic
now and i am having a fair bit of garlic
and i'm doing that because we haven't
really had spices for our food a ground
dried out spice like you used to find
in the bottles and or the jars in the
state are not super common here so i had
to buy a giant package garlic which i'm
not opposed to I love garlic I had to
buy ginger that I cut up myself you know
things that are different in Korea one
thing you really don't want is burnt
garlic so after you add the garlic don't
wait very long before you start adding
other ingredients next up is the pork
and I've also when I cook this earlier I
put the ginger in with it so it would
just so the flavors would combine a
little bit I think it would be really
good so there's been to set airtight for
a while so all that air all the flavors
from the ginger were able to mix in with
the pork so I'm actually really excited
about this so we're gonna go ahead and
dump those in mmm I can smell the ginger
in and out and it's just absolutely
wonderful actually worked out really
well I did much better at that time I'm
coming back to my old friend the
precooked single-serving rice container
now this is something I didn't practice
before and it is pretty dry it's
definitely drier than I thought it was
going to be so I'm going to make an
audible call here I'm going to add a
little bit of soy sauce here on the fly
to help moisten up the rice a little bit
know that your workstation is going to
get dirty when you're doing stir-fries
like it's just part of it and guys
that's seriously it you just cut up your
ingredients you put them in a walk and
you stir it all together and over high
heat and you have dinner so let's go
ahead and put this on a plate and see
what it looks like I decided to put it
in bowls today and it's super simple
just like the whole cooking process was
just kind of nudged on out of there now
one thing that you need to understand
that some people miss last week when I
cook this food I eat it this is for an
actual meal that myself and my actual
wife will be enjoying tonight that fit
nicely into two bowls all its love to do
is grab some spoons and dig in thanks
for watching and Joel I look forward to
your video